all right PSN is back online since what
yesterday I'm gonna be a little
informative about tease videos now on oh
just a little bit of a change up some
time but I don't feel like Holland off
the back I got the same three flips I
won't you give me grief give me some
same grief all right not a problem with
VX poison gas I mean thankee sai
specific thing with stand bison that's
where thurmont plow that comes in I mean
that's where heads now comes in no I'm
saying lean up pick it up it's dumb you
got a big body you only into your hair
stuff as much as you want mix it up on
him now just watch out for that I wasn't
get over his head and you know I'm Sam
you gotta sangee it's a big body watch
out just one time when you land cuz you
want to get in the green hand you write
me on your way down the histone nigam
see that see I pick him up use the histo
it all around drag
it usually they try to grab out today
green yes that's what I thought that's
my one of my plan you can sandy who
doesn't always work you know but here's
a hot goalie on a reef or not Oh see I
could have caught a rat right Dan ck i
watch out for a name yeah use one foot
seas a little bit ha too early / his
hand over his hand yeah jump over
pressure you see out that kind of stuff
how do you got a deal with jump over
come over again Ingram tell me some
slack egg roll man cut me some slack man
you don't want to cut me no slack
alright enough nonsense site you are my
now what is this there's no telling me
where oh man that is exactly what I
wanted that's what I'm talking about
anyway who knows what what happened the
game